THREESCALE-7497: Removal of 3scale Istio adapter docs to add 3scale WebAssembly docs. (#36249)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-threescale-webassembly-module-credentials-object.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// service_mesh/v2x/ossm-threescale-webassembly-module.adoc

[id="ossm-threescale-webassembly-module-credentials-object_{context}"]
= The 3scale WebAssembly module `credentials` object

The `credentials` object is a component of the `service` object. `credentials` specifies which kind of credentials to be looked up and the steps to perform this action.

All fields are optional, but you must specify at least one, `user_key` or `app_id`. The order in which you specify each credential is irrelevant because it is pre-established by the module. Only specify one instance of each credential.

----
credentials:
  user_key: <array_of_lookup_queries>
  app_id: <array_of_lookup_queries>
  app_key: <array_of_lookup_queries>

> ----

Reviewer: same comments as above re stating the [source,x] for code blocks and adding extra content or `...` to show context / excerpt

The following are `credentials` object fields:
|===
|Name |Description |Required

|`user_key`
|This is an array of lookup queries that defines a 3scale user key. A user key is commonly known as an API key.
|Optional

|`app_id`

> |This is an array of `lookup queries` that defines a 3scale application identifier. Application identifiers are provided by 3scale or via an identity provider like link:https://access.redhat.com/products/red-hat-single-sign-on[Red Hat Single Sign-On (RH-SS0)], via OpenID Connect (OIDC). The resolution of the lookup queries specified here, whenever it is successful and resolves to two values, it sets up the `app_id` and the `app_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This is an array of lookup queries that define a 3scale application identifier. Application identifiers are provided by 3scale or by using an identity provider like link:https://access.redhat.com/products/red-hat-single-sign-on[Red Hat Single Sign-On (RH-SS0)], or OpenID Connect (OIDC). The resolution of the lookup queries specified here, whenever it is successful and resolves to two values, it sets up the `app_id` and the `app_key`.
```

|Optional

|`app_key`

> |This is an array of `lookup queries` defines a 3scale application key. Application keys without a resolved `app_id` are useless, so only specify this field when `app_id` has been specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This is an array of lookup queries that define a 3scale application key. Application keys without a resolved `app_id` are useless, so only specify this field when `app_id` has been specified.
```

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// service_mesh/v2x/ossm-threescale-webassembly-module.adoc

[id="ossm-threescale-webassembly-module-credentials-object_{context}"]
= The 3scale WebAssembly module credentials object

The `credentials` object is a component of the `service` object. `credentials` specifies which kind of credentials to be looked up and the steps to perform this action.

All fields are optional, but you must specify at least one, `user_key` or `app_id`. The order in which you specify each credential is irrelevant because it is pre-established by the module. Only specify one instance of each credential.

[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: maistra.io/v1

Reviewer 2: ```
apiVersion: maistra.io/v1
kind: ServiceMeshExtension
metadata:
  name: threescale-wasm-auth
spec:
  config:
    ...
    services:
    - credentials:
        user_key: <array_of_lookup_queries>
        app_id: <array_of_lookup_queries>
        app_key: <array_of_lookup_queries>
      ...
```
